[A2-751] Allow MSAD config to override all defaults (#126)
chef/automate: components/automate-chef-io/content/docs/configuration.md

Chef Automate comes with a default LDAP configuration for Microsoft Active Directory (MSAD).
The MSAD configuration is intended for getting started with minimal configuration for standard MSAD systems.

> The MSAD configuration makes some assumptions about your MSAD setup, but you can override those defaults.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default values in this MSAD configuration can be overridden.
```

{{< warning >}}
Chef Automate's default configuration for Microsoft AD is specific to LDAP.

> To configure Microsoft AD using SAML, see the SAML configuration section below.

Reviewer: Please include an internal link to the SAML configuration section for ease of reference.
```suggestion
To configure Microsoft AD using SAML, see the SAML configuration section.
```

{{< /warning >}}

In this config, the required fields are `host`, `bind_dn`,
`bind_password`, `base_user_search_dn`, and `base_group_search_dn`.

> See [LDAP]({{< relref "ldap.md" >}}) integration for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See [LDAP Integration]({{< relref "ldap.md" >}}) for more information.
```

> See [LDAP Integration]({{< relref "ldap.md" >}}) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [LDAP Integration]({{< relref "ldap.md" >}}) for more information on config fields, including optional fields.
```

> It goes into further detail about what each of those config fields represents,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> including optional fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

bind_password = "<your bind_password>"
base_user_search_dn = "<your base user search DN>"
base_group_search_dn = "<your base group search DN>"
ca_contents = "<your ca contents>" # optional, but recommended
```

The MSAD configuration is an LDAP configuration with more provided default

> values that are commonly a good fit for Active Directory, but you can override any one by uncommenting it in the config and setting its value:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
values that are commonly a good fit for Active Directory. Override any single default value by uncommenting it in the config and setting its value:
```

```toml
[dex.v1.sys.connectors.msad_ldap]
host = "<your host>"
bind_dn = "<your bind_dn>"
bind_password = "<your bind_password>"
base_user_search_dn = "<your base user search DN>"
base_group_search_dn = "<your base group search DN>"
ca_contents = "<your ca contents>" # optional

# MSAD default values (uncomment to override a specific one)

> # insecure_no_ssl = false

Reviewer: Do these commented-out examples need to have formatting like `"<sAMAccountName>"` with the < > brackets?

Author: Not in this case. Those are real values that are the defaults.

bind_password = "<your bind_password>"
base_user_search_dn = "<your base user search DN>"
base_group_search_dn = "<your base group search DN>"
ca_contents = "<your ca contents>" # optional, but recommended
```

The MSAD configuration is an LDAP configuration with more provided default
values that are commonly a good fit for Active Directory, but you can override

> any one but uncommenting it in the config and setting its value:

Reviewer 3: s/but/by
